Add observer and receiver_creator docs (#273)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/receivercreator/README.md

# receiver_creator

> This receiver can instantiate other receivers at runtime based on whether observed endpoints match a configured rule. These rules are evaluated for each endpoint discovered. If the rule evaluates to true then the receiver for that rule will be started against the matched endpoint.

Reviewer: For me this would be easier to understand on first pass if you added an extra sentence regarding observers here:

"This receiver can instantiate other receivers at runtime based on whether observed endpoints match a configured rule. To use the receiver creator, you must first configure one or more [observers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/master/extension/observer/README.md) that will discover networked endpoints that you may be interested in. The configured rules will be evaluated for each endpoint discovered. If the rule evaluates to true then the receiver for that rule will be started against the matched endpoint."

## Config

> **watch_observers**

Reviewer: Not really a suggestion for this PR as this seems to follow the style of other docs in this repo, but personally I find config docs more digestible if there's more yaml, e.g.

---

Receiver Creator will watch for endpoints generated by the extensions defined in `watch_observers`, and evaluate detected endpoints against the `rule` for each specified receiver to determine if it should be started.

```yaml
# a list of observers defined in the "extensions" section
watch_observers: [ <string> ]
# a map of receiver names to a template for when and how to instantiate that receiver
receivers:
  <string>:
    # the rule that each detected endpoint will be evaluated against to determine
    # if this receiver should be started
    rule: <string>
    # the configuration that will be used when creating the receiver
    config:
      ...
```

...

A list of observers previously defined to be run in the `extensions` section. receiver_creator will watch for endpoints generated by these observers.

**receivers**

A map of receiver names (e.g. `redis/1`) to a template for when and how to instantiate that receiver.

**receivers.&lt;receiver_type/id&gt;.rule**

> Rule string using [expvar syntax](https://github.com/antonmedv/expr/blob/master/docs/Language-Definition.md). Variables available are detailed below in [Endpoints](#endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rule string uses [expvar syntax](https://github.com/antonmedv/expr/blob/master/docs/Language-Definition.md). Variables available are detailed below in [Endpoints](#endpoints).
```

> Each rule must start with `type.(pod|port) &&` such that the rule matches only one endpoint type.

Reviewer: Consider moving this into the Endpoints section below (which might be better titled "Rule Expressions").

**receivers.&lt;receiver_type/id&gt;.config**

> This is configuration that will be used when creating the receiver at runtime. This config is merged with the config discovered at runtime.

Reviewer: "This config is merged with the config discovered at runtime." - is this referring to the dynamic value replacement described below? If so I'd just remove that sentence.

This option can use static and dynamic configuration values. Static values are normal YAML values. However the value can also be dynamically constructed from the discovered endpoint object. Dynamic values are surrounded by backticks (\`). If a literal backtick is needed use \\` to escape it. Dynamic values can be used with static values in which case they are concatenated. For example:

```yaml
config:
   secure_url: https://`pod.labels["secure_host"]`
```

The value of `secure_url` will be `https://` concatenated with the value of the `secure_host` label.

This can also be used when the discovered endpoint needs to be changed dynamically. For instance, suppose the IP `1.2.3.4` is discovered without a port but the port needs to be set inside endpoint. You could do:

```yaml
config:
   endpoint: `endpoint`:8080
```

> ## Endpoints
> 
> Depending on the type of endpoint it will have different variables available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rule Expressions

Depending on the type of endpoint detected, different variables will be available to be evaluated in the rule definition.
```
